poidem boydle we'll see how edward s key
plays today Oh Ernie are actually
charging up here to going on towards
Alex as a claw coming Alex flash it away
but the damage is high and there is
first blood coming down for alternate
how much one advantage to dairy to built
up that's kind of falling away already
now looks like alternate got aggressive
yeah it's a teleport coming in curb
actually going right down Ganga is in so
much trouble finish off their bike herb
who in the end didn't even bother with
on support force honey I'll cool down I
decided they didn't need to use any toys
to your AP mid that's dangerous yeah
very dangerous and they need to be
covered so I'm gonna get pulled into
this one he did actually flash but he
flashed over it completely weirdly that
went back towards Olay the tribe push me
hanging on towards him damn it again
being focused on this time around though
diamond is there to help him out Darren
does get stunned up but he's happy to
fight this one through takes out for
Nolan curbs gonna be the next focus
target then just you see why because
here comes our nares gonna come around
the side he's waiting for frontal to
join him as well and Alex may what we
baited into this one Joe yeah he's gonna
have to reef walk very well from this
one but I'm not sure he's gonna manage
you as I renea follows through with the
altamax range and that's the danger with
the riverwalk if you're in range he's
gonna follow you straight through and
now boydle he had been chased down hook
gonna grab him he's gonna get knocked up
in the alley ulti comes out for elodia
he's calling from the side as well
that's another kill for alternate for
other law picks that one up I here come
the rest of gambit Aaron it just about
no he's not gonna get away from now
there comes the ultimate our ganger as
well but the teleport from curb comes
around this is a crazy little fight
Darien out position is he gets locked up
by pharrell look back in from Jerry
where's the knock-up is actually being
chased down Darien getting a kill from
that one when he will in the end fall
down and that will be 83 nazia 44 while
he stepped oil Moulton alternate there
yeah but Baron actually coming back into
this one interestingly enough they're
gonna keep going out there but Larry
diamond from the side look at the damage
of brown log uses ultimate on himself
but he's not going to escape this one
Darien picks up that kill and now that
his on curves got no tower he's got no
friendlies there to be helping him out
he has to flash away over to the tri
bush that I've been trying to just catch
him over the sides without a tow plane
that's gotta help you lead even right
now is that dragon going though can be
actually coming in from around the side
of this one curve gonna get tied up
they're gonna go through they're gonna
go for curb are they gonna be an opto
the crescendo didn't really do a great
deal there's a good chain of corruption
but he has stoppable force comes out and
finds his target arenae though he's
getting focused he gets cut down diamond
picks that one of its a nearly nearly
three four one and since a curb how the
hell he got away without the linkage is
just back in way down that bottom he's
got himself Home Guard boots to go with
that rod of Ages there's the toilet
they're just happy with that one look at
darien he's not like no you're not gonna
back off tries to buy the time pulls out
the ultimate tries to bait them in there
and there the rest of gambit are gonna
collapse on towards this one joke he's
hankie enough as well now with that
spirit visage in there as well as he
gets locked up by for a little but this
fight is not over just yet gang me I've
got good mobility the poll comes in on
two diamond that's gonna start a fire
completely arenae offering diamonds
faces Darien that's exhausting taking a
lot of damage diamond ear going very
very low but he's still alive actually
manages a kill like a white knight he's
in the wrong place run Lord goes down
cut now got five men on him he's not
escaping this one are they gonna push
you for an HJ reads the last amount of
life still healthy but why portion of
the ACE you can turn around here and go
for that Baron shout Jerry thought about
that keeps pushing through we could seem
go and actually Aaron here knowing the
alex is in that top side is actually
gonna go through they're gonna go for
boydle this Kirk coming to the unsub all
fours another great crescendo they're
gonna try and turn this around once
again Darien right in the middle of the
pack as a sniper in here can't quite get
the finishing blow the Starion taking a
ton of damage but again it's just not
enough that was everything that white
knight could throw him the collateral
damage and everything there is the tank
east one of the team cup who's being
chased down flashed away Alex goes in
he's just one more on Tim there we go
with an old sphere to finish things off
and now they back away they're happy
with that 140 I catch him eating the
damage went through but not just in time
alex is rip walking away from the hook
there but now we see Darien one
gain that big brick of a tank going
through four at the front taking all the
damage he has took half the hop off
though now we see Alex getcha nods walls
why not everybody pops through the
support force was used but obviously not
to a great effect Cheney corruption
fantastically both and laid on with a
crescendo absolute immaculate teamfight
there from gambit and they walk away
with a 340 and it's almost certainly
gonna be another Barrett please gamers
no I don't think so either Darien he as
I said early just doesn't care about
going in a straight in right on top of
them and they're gonna keep going
through from this on there's even sub
all fours actually hitting three members
Darien actually finally going low from
this cuz alex each takes a lot of times
it for mine crescendo comes out from
Boyle well where's the damage to follow
up there is a chain of corruption coming
to Ellen Lord go down Snipes off by
danger in the end and not done just yet
here gamma they've got no minions
actually coming in on to all that sorry
Kenz you're gonna be the one to tank it
up but it's only gonna get two or three
hits on their time here at least all
except Darien who's fighting no time
he's going straight in there for this
we're actually gonna go in towards our
ania now he goes over towards Jerry
there's a crescendo didn't really hit
anyone this time around and stop all
fours coming Cheney crooks are already
being used off there as we will see for
Eleanor getting the kill on towards Alex
it for the damage is just too high here
coming out of gambit who are they gonna
turn onto next look at the Nexus sorry
by the way the super minions have been
hammering away on that one they managed
to finish up the first one they got
super minions coming in again as R&A
altas himself in on towards ganja and
not too worried about that they return
damage on super own Lord of Snipes come
true inhibitor is down I think that
might be all she wrote for this push
forgot me yeah they're gonna back away
it seems they do have super minions in
the middle air void will get caught so
didn't avoid a lot one teeny joke but he
does mine should not go down so he
manages to escape they're gonna see the
tour through bottles darien will he
finally get killed yes
500 gold goes the curb the shells
pouring in as well we got two lockets in
here now as well alternate just trying
to outlast the damage that gambit can do
to them as they start to moving once
again deziel towards alex is just gonna
zhonya's away from all that damage for a
landlord goes down this could well be
Alex it's taken a lot of damage what
they've not got enough to finish up our
Renee will fall afterwards Kurt got to
be the next focus as we see the snipe
coming straight through Nexus are going
to be focused down and that is gambit
taking down ultimately a fantastic come
back from them let's not forget name of
three and a half thousand gold they were
behind yeah that's fantastic performance
that takes gambit now 21 11 and nine
they're going to be joined on with
alternate at once again and no despite
the fact alternate knew exactly what was
coming against and they could do a great
deal to stop it you gotta hand it to
Darwin he's pulled another Champion out
the bag of tricks and it seems so paid
off coming at top lane and really all
credit to darien he had a fantastic
match in that game
you